Update LinuxOsxInstall.md (#9)
have-fun-was-taken/yafc-ce: Docs/LinuxOsxInstall.md

- Make sure you have OpenGL availible

## Linux installation instructions
### Arch 

> The AUR package `factorio-yafc-git` points to the original upstream project by ShadowTheAge. Download the PKGBUILD and edit the url to the following: https://github.com/have-fun-was-taken/yafc-ce

Reviewer: I would add the link to the AUR package (https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/factorio-yafc-git)

Author: Done in 6c1b720 thanks!

> The AUR package `factorio-yafc-git` points to the original upstream project by ShadowTheAge. Download the PKGBUILD and edit the url to the following: https://github.com/have-fun-was-taken/yafc-ce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AUR package `factorio-yafc-git` points to the original upstream project by ShadowTheAge. Clone the AUR package and edit the url to the following: https://github.com/have-fun-was-taken/yafc-ce
```

The package needs the desktop file as well, so only fetching the PKGBUILD would not work

Author: Thanks for the catch - Im actually using my own PKGBUILD and didn't notice that their desktop file is uploaded to the AUR.

Reviewer: I was curious about the AUR and checked it out myself :)

Reviewer: If the packager is not willing to package YAFC-CE as well, I can make one if needed. But let's wait their response first

> The AUR package [`factorio-yafc-git`](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/factorio-yafc-git) points to the original upstream project by ShadowTheAge. Clone the AUR package and edit the url to the following: https://github.com/have-fun-was-taken/yafc-ce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AUR package [`factorio-yafc-git`](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/factorio-yafc-git) points to the original upstream project by ShadowTheAge. To make this package suitable for YAFC-CE take the following steps:
1. Clone the AUR package
1. Open PKGBUILD
3. Edit the `source` to use the following URL: https://github.com/have-fun-was-taken/yafc-ce
```

Sorry I was too quick, the instructions didn't make sense anymore :disappointed:

> In the same folder, run `makepkg -sri` to build YAFC. Run with `factorio-yafc`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same folder, run `makepkg -sri` to build and install YAFC. Run with `factorio-yafc`. 
```

- Make sure you have OpenGL availible

## Linux installation instructions
### Arch 

> The AUR package [`factorio-yafc-git`](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/factorio-yafc-git) points to the original upstream project by ShadowTheAge. To make this package suitable for YAFC-CE take the following steps:
> 1. Clone the AUR package
> 2. Open PKGBUILD
> 3. Edit the `source` to use the following URL: https://github.com/have-fun-was-taken/yafc-ce
> In the same folder, run `makepkg -sri` to build and install YAFC. Run with `factorio-yafc`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone the AUR package [`factorio-yafc-ce-git`](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/factorio-yafc-ce-git).
From the cloned folder, run `makepkg -sri` to build and install YAFC.

It installs a desktop file so you should be able to launch for your desktop environment. Alternatively, run from the terminal with `factorio-yafc-ce`. 
```

Author: So I spelled out the steps a little bit, due to the modification of the pkgbuild required. Given that there is now a pkgbuild dedicated to yafc-ce, which does not require modification, Im inclined to instead just point it out. Anyone on Arch should know how to install AUR packages, and anyone needing the instructions should probably get them from the Arch Wiki rather than our install guide.

Reviewer: true
